alright today we're showing the
fireplace vb this is the new powder coat
version the past we've had the just a
plain metal casing today is the one with
a red fire coat and the red special knob
today we're going to we have this as you
see when you can put it on red like the
amp is slightly over driven already
here's a SAM
you
okay so we're going to show how this
sustains and just gives you the overall
sound you need for playing your rock
tunes here we go the clean I mean over
driven slightly from the amp okay I
never take the pedal
Oh
okay and that's basically the fireplace
vb as i say we're running the knob on
about 2pm you can actually turn a little
higher does that a little bit of histone
the original one here we going
Oh
I
hey
me